me
Yeah yeah yeah
Hello
Ryokan Minaki Kikuno House in Yonago City, Tottori Prefecture
It is always a young girl Hiroko
Thank you very much for watching the channel on the Kaikina youtube channel
Today I would like to tell you more about the taste of the 2- year-old winter taste Matsuba crab in Matsuba .
First one will be what Fu is the Tteyuu Matsuba crab
In the first case, it's awkward, but it's too long for my brother to have a long leg
That is swung Trevi Arno pine entering Kushira
Also I like it but it is said it is
There is a sense of being tagged with compatibility, what did that feel like?
It was that the form of the red crab in that probably is the next to or that flower You know, Tottori Prefecture
The tag that I wrote "Matsuha crab" was attached when the ban on the crab was around
The opening day of the crab is 2 weeks of that November
It will start about six days, yes
I think there is a cage on the idea of 10 days
That pond is that day-ban day
that
Twin-lens is It is beneath et al come home um
I will buy that key and understand it at the same time and provide it to that customer
I think you can be happy in the active pine needles crab very customer
Well then let's see what happened right after the opening day of a given year
Is there now love water tank that I put what should be today
In the water tank now 25 and 20 junior
yesterday
To my brother at a meeting
Yesterday was happening, isn't it?
Minutes of strategy
It is poor at three places 3.215-3 in four places
I do not
Hmm
6 days out is open
Even pressure
nanohana
For eating, such as a pot to make and Kizza is next with it I think did you think
I would like the chef to teach